# swagger_client

SwaggerClient - the Ruby gem for the Draft Orders API

### Draft Orders API       This API is about operations you can perform on the draft order object as defind below:  Field | Definition | Data Type   -----|-----------|-------------------------   `id`| `id` of the draft order |`string`   `order_id`  | The id of the order associated to the draft order, once created. | `string`           `name` | Name of the draft order, format #D<number>, where number, is an sequential identifier unique to the shop, starting at 1. For example #D133 | `integer`   `customer` | Customer object will be serialized with only the default address, however only the ID can be set in order to associate the customer to the draft order. Setting the value to null removes the customer from the draft order. | `object`   `shipping_address` | The mailing address to where the draft order will be shipped. | `string`   `billing_address` | The mailing address associated with the payment method. | `string`   `note` | The text of an optional note that a shop owner can attach to the draft order. | `string`   `email` | The email address used for sending notifications. |`string`   `currency` | The three letter code for the currency to be used for the payment. | `string`   `invoice_sent_at` | DateTime when the invoice was emailed to the customer by Shopify. | `dateTime`   `invoice_url` | The url to send to the customer so that they can complete the checkout.  When using `send_invoice`, this url is emailed to the customer. This field can be used so that an API client can use another method of communication to provide the url to the customer. | `string`   `line_item`[ ] | | array of `line_item` objects   `metafields`[ ] | | array of `metafield` objects   `shipping_line` | | `object`   `tags` | Tags are additional short descriptors, commonly used for filtering and searching, formatted as a string of comma-separated values. Each individual tag is limited to 40 characters in length. | `string`   `tax_exempt` | Sets whether taxes are exempt for this draft order. If this value is `false`, Shopify will honor the `tax_exempt` value for each `line_item`. | `boolean`   `tax_lines` | Tax lines describing the sum of each type of tax line for line items and shipping line. | array of `tax_line` objects   `discount` | Order level discount. | `string`   `taxes_included` | Shop settings taxes are included in the price | `boolean`   `total_tax` | Total tax amount | `integer`   `completed_at` | Date at which an order was created and the draft order moved to “completed” status. | `DateTime`   `created_at` | By default, this auto-generated property is the date and time when the order was created in Shopify, in ISO 8601 format. If you are importing orders to the Shopify platform from another system, the writable `processed_at` property will override the `created_at` date. | `dateTime`   `updated_at` | | `dateTime`   `status` | String describing the state of the draft order. Possible values are `open`, `invoice sent`, or `completed`. | `string`       

This SDK is automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2016-11-04T16:49:43.118Z
- Build package: class io.swagger.codegen.languages.RubyClientCodegen

## Installation

### Build a gem

To build the Ruby code into a gem:

```shell
gem build swagger_client.gemspec
```

Then either install the gem locally:

```shell
gem install ./swagger_client-1.0.0.gem
```
(for development, run `gem install --dev ./swagger_client-1.0.0.gem` to install the development dependencies)

or publish the gem to a gem hosting service, e.g. [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/).

Finally add this to the Gemfile:

    gem 'swagger_client', '~> 1.0.0'

### Install from Git

If the Ruby gem is hosted at a git repository: https://github.com/YOUR_GIT_USERNAME/YOUR_GIT_REPO, then add the following in the Gemfile:

    gem 'swagger_client', :git => 'https://github.com/YOUR_GIT_USERNAME/YOUR_GIT_REPO.git'

### Include the Ruby code directly

Include the Ruby code directly using `-I` as follows:

```shell
ruby -Ilib script.rb
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) procedure and then run the following code:
```ruby
# Load the gem
require 'swagger_client'

api_instance = SwaggerClient::CreateApi.new

draftorder = SwaggerClient::DraftOrder.new # DraftOrder | The draft order to create.


begin
  #Create a draft order
  result = api_instance.admin_draft_orders_json_post(draftorder)
  p result
rescue SwaggerClient::ApiError => e
  puts "Exception when calling CreateApi->admin_draft_orders_json_post: #{e}"
end

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://myshopify.com/v1*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*SwaggerClient::CreateApi* | [**admin_draft_orders_json_post**](docs/CreateApi.md#admin_draft_orders_json_post) | **POST** /admin/draft_orders.json | Create a draft order
*SwaggerClient::CreateApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_send_invoice_json_post**](docs/CreateApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_send_invoice_json_post) | **POST** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}/send_invoice.json | Send an invoice
*SwaggerClient::DefaultApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_checkout_json_post**](docs/DefaultApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_checkout_json_post) | **POST** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}/checkout.json | Create or retrieve existing checkout
*SwaggerClient::DeleteApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_json_delete**](docs/DeleteApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_json_delete) | **DELETE** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}.json | 
*SwaggerClient::GetApi* | [**admin_draft_orders_count_json_get**](docs/GetApi.md#admin_draft_orders_count_json_get) | **GET** /admin/draft_orders/count.json | 
*SwaggerClient::GetApi* | [**admin_draft_orders_json_get**](docs/GetApi.md#admin_draft_orders_json_get) | **GET** /admin/draft_orders.json | 
*SwaggerClient::GetApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_json_get**](docs/GetApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_json_get) | **GET** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}.json | 
*SwaggerClient::UpdateApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_complete_json_put**](docs/UpdateApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_complete_json_put) | **PUT** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}/complete.json | 
*SwaggerClient::UpdateApi* | [**admin_draft_ordersid_json_put**](docs/UpdateApi.md#admin_draft_ordersid_json_put) | **PUT** /admin/draft_orders/#{id}.json | Modify draft order


## Documentation for Models

 - [SwaggerClient::Checkout](docs/Checkout.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::Customer](docs/Customer.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::Discount](docs/Discount.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::DraftOrder](docs/DraftOrder.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::DraftOrderInvoice](docs/DraftOrderInvoice.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::LineItem](docs/LineItem.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::Metafield](docs/Metafield.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::ShippingLine](docs/ShippingLine.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::ShippingRate](docs/ShippingRate.md)
 - [SwaggerClient::TaxLine](docs/TaxLine.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

